c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\MyoPls.exe.config
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\MyoPls.exe
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\MyoPls.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MyoPls_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MyoPls.g.resources
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MyoPls.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MyoPls.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MyoPls.exe
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MyoPls.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\obj\Debug\MyoPls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\x64\myo.dll
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\x86\myo.dll
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\MyoSharp.dll
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Contracts.dll
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\MyoSharp.pdb
C:\Users\William\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyoPls\MyoPls\bin\Debug\MyoAutotune.exe.config
